Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#491)
nipy/nipy: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to NiPy
We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

> 1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `main`.
```

2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code lints.
6. Issue that pull request!

> ## Any contributions you make will be under the BSD 2-Clause "Simplified" License

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Any contributions you make will be under the BSD 3-Clause License
```

> In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [BSD 2-Clause "Simplified" License] that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [BSD 3-Clause License] that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.
```

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/briandk/transcriptase-atom/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](); it's that easy!

## Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code

> [This is an example](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) of a bug report someone wrote, and I think it's not a bad model. Here's [another example from Craig Hockenberry](http://www.openradar.me/11905408), an app developer whom I greatly respect.

Reviewer: Who is "I" here?   Maybe add your initials to clarify?

**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
  - Be specific!

>   - Give sample code if you can. [My stackoverflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) includes sample code that *anyone* with a base R setup can run to reproduce what I was seeing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Give sample code if you can. [My stackoverflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) includes sample code that *anyone* with a base setup can run to reproduce what I was seeing
```

- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)

People *love* thorough bug reports. I'm not even kidding.

## Use a Consistent Coding Style

> I'm again borrowing these from [Facebook's Guidelines](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/blob/a9316a723f9e918afde44dea68b5f9f39b7d9b00/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: Clarify "I" again?

> * 2 spaces for indentation rather than tabs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4 spaces for indentation rather than tabs
```

> * You can try running `npm run lint` for style unification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can try running `pre-commit run -a` for style unification (after `pip install pre-commit`).
```

## License

> By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its BSD 2-Clause "Simplified" License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its BSD 3-Clause License.
```
